Refactor Overview section (Phase 2) (#1024)
MicroEJ/docs: overview/index.rst

.. _overview:

Introduction
============

What is MicroEJ?
----------------

MicroEJ (pronounced “micro-EDGE”) is a software vendor of cost-driven solutions for embedded and IoT devices.

MICROEJ SDK allows developers to develop applications in Managed Code and deploy them to resource-constrained devices, such as microcontrollers.

.. _vee:

MICROEJ VEE
-----------

MicroEJ VEE (Virtual Execution Environment) is an application container for resource-constrained embedded devices running on microcontrollers or microprocessors. 
It allows devices to run multiple and mixed managed code (Java, JavaScript, ...) and C software applications.

MicroEJ VEE provides a fully configurable set of services that can be expanded, including:

- a secure multi-application framework,
- a GUI framework (includes widgets),

> - a network connection with security (SSL/TLS, HTTPS, REST, MQTT, ...),

Reviewer: I would not use connection here, framework is used in the other bullet points.

Author: Fixed

- a storage framework (file system)
- a Java Cryptography Architecture (JCA) implementation.

.. figure:: images/vee.png
   :alt: MICROEJ VEE Overview
   :align: center
   :scale: 80%

   MICROEJ VEE Overview

For more information about our Supported Processor Architectures, visit the `Supported Hardware <https://developer.microej.com/supported-hardware/>`_ page.

MICROEJ SDK
-----------

> MICROEJ SDK offers a comprehensive toolset to build the embedded software of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MICROEJ SDK offers a comprehensive toolset to build the software for embedded devices. 
```

a device. The SDK covers two levels in device software development:

-  Device Firmware development
-  Application development

> The firmware will generally be produced by the device OEM, it includes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The firmware will generally be produced by the device's OEM, it includes
```
